hi everyone and welcome to today's video
this is not a sponsored yeah I'm gonna
do my nails so this is not a sponsored
video I just bought this at our local
Walmart I don't remember how much it was
but if I can find like an amazon link
down below just a second buddy
but it's called impress Oprah's on
manicure gel nails so it just has like
an atom not it's not like with the glue
so I guess there's just a press-on so
I'll let you see them you get without
the glare here so this is what they look
like I'm gonna do the review of them I
have gotten my nails done before in the
past like a gel nail at the salon
however my hands are constantly in water
with four kids and so I find that they
don't last very long I don't know if
it's the way that the lady does or not
and I do apologize for like but to shut
up look here but obviously I haven't
showered yet today mom life I have two
kids off to school two kids here with me
naptime's not here and so I haven't yet
showered or anything or done anything so
yeah I'm gonna go ahead and I'm going to
try these out today and see how well
they lost I'm gonna let you know
throughout the at the end of the video
if they were easy to put on and in an
upcoming video throughout the week in
one of my vlogs I'm gonna do an update
on how I find they lasted that they hold
up well with being mom and yeah so I'll
show you guys the finished look at the
end of it as you see I took off all my
nail polish here
my nails are bare so I'm gonna get them
prepped up before I put on the nails and
yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
all done it honestly just took a few
minutes let me just position it honestly
took a few minutes to just apply these
it was super easy and quick so the first
steps I did was clean the like cuticle
area then it came with like a little
wipe to just clean off your nails before
applying and in the back of the nails
there's like this sticky thing if you
can see this that is what you remove and
peel off the nail to apply them you
apply it towards the cuticle area first
push down and yeah you just stick it on
it says over the next half an hour 2
hour - just keep pressing on them just
so they get a good seal and it asks you
not to wet your nails or to trim them or
file them if you want to reach Ange the
the shape of them it asks you not to
file or do anything to the nails for the
next hour so over the next hour I'm just
gonna periodically press on them I'm not
gonna wet my nails or anything in the
next hour I'm gonna follow the
directions so far I am extremely
impressed they feel really good if I
press down on the table right now they
feel very natural they don't hurt
they're not like you know I usually go a
little bit on the shorter end but I
don't think I'm gonna clip them or
anything I'm gonna leave them as is so
for now I'm going to give impressed
nails which is just as a very one-step
gel nail out on I'm going to give them a
10 for now as the adding or as sorry I'm
back so I would give it a 10 rating
I am super in love with them I love the
color I don't think you know if you
could see the accent now right there
try and see if it can this lighting
might not be the best it's just like a
glitter like a light pink glitter very
happy with it so that is the overall
finished look I am impressed with it
so far I will let you guys know how they
hold up I'm gonna follow and throw out a
video this week I'm gonna update you on
the nail situation but right now I am
very impressed for it might have been
around eight ten bucks
twelve bucks I don't remember but
instead of going to the salon and paying
you know 40 bucks that's our area
I know downsides we can do a cheaper
buffer area very impressed if they lost
I'll probably keep doing these so yeah I
hope you enjoyed this video it is a
little bit different but I have been
wanting to do some work honest reviews
you know I'm a mom I know other moms you
know like to glam it up
if I wear dis regular nail polish even
it just chips so fast with the amount
that my hands are in the water so I
wanted to try these and see so yeah I'll
let you guys know how they go but I do
thank you guys for watching this video
don't forget to Like and subscribe to
our channel to see more and I hope to
see you in our next video bye
[Music]